Now that we implemented the logic or not application that will add to the database sites.
So the the entity and we updated this these classes that we we we know that we will needs for the friendly
the um to log out properly and for a and link to.
Refresh lifecycle.
Also on the application site, it's time to go to the actual implementation implementation of that logic.
I will start with repository.
We will need to create a new method here.
To be a matter of type optional user.
And I will also use the named, uh, name and methods, uh, syntax so find by I.D and token.
Refresh token.
And token expiration expired at.
Greater.
Then Long Heidi.
String.
Refresh token.
Look all the time.
Experts at.
These are the methods.
But he doesn't detect.
This token, refresh, token.
This is the syntax to to fetch a nested property.
But we will see that it doesn't it doesn't work.
So we could use.
Uh, tokens refreshed.
We will build the method, but we will see that this method, uh, doesn't work.
But we'll still try.
And then we will also do the correction afterwards.
So we have the method here.
Now we just need to go to the service.
When we do the log in, we will extract this.
Log in.
First of all.
So it would be far more akin.
He calls this.
Then I will user dot a token new token.
From refresh tokens secrets.
So from many of my talk here.
Make it easier.
Refresh talking.
Uh, refresh j over t equals log gain dot refresh token.
And you have to refresh creativity.
Get token refresh to get it should that refresh.
Celebrity.
Gets expedition.
And then I want to use a triple.
Report, not say user.
And we'll still return my location here.
But I already know that in the logging I need to do this.
Uh, these validations.
So I need to save the refresh token when I, uh, added to the user and save when I build it, then
refresh axis will also need to be, um, changed.
So refresh exercise also needs to be to be changed.
So what this means is that when I refresh, I will need to find my user and I will do I will lose the
method that I just created.
So find by user I.D. and it will be refresh.
Get user ready id refresh with T.
Get token and refresh the witty.
Get inspiration.
This is my method call.
Or else.
Because it's optional.
Or else through.
And here I will need to create, uh, a new exception.
So an authenticated error.
And there creates this.
Class.
Here's.
To cheer as extents response.
That was exception.
Public.
Unauthenticated error.
Like these.
Super.
It should be starters.
Uh, she.
He stutters.
I'm not surprised.
I think this is for one not right.
Yes.
So we'll use this one and the message or say an authenticated.
Okay.
So I have my attitude, my service.
I will do this fine.
I will see if the refresh works.
So the next thing that I need to do is in the logout.
I don't have a logo yet.
I will create it now.
So public.
Moving more goats in the logout.
I will receive a refresh token as well.
Here.
What I'm going to do is far.
Refresh shade over to.
Token.
She had a witty.
From refreshed and secrets refresh took and secret.
So I have my g t here.
I need user
user pool.
Find by refresh that user I.D..
Or else through.
And authenticated.
So it's these.
That's.
And.
I will create a flag token.
He's.
Removed.
User remove.
I have a mistake here.
So refactor rename.
Remove token if.
Token.
It's a lot of function objects it calls.
Token dot, refresh, token, refresh, token.
So if there is a token that matches the one that I'm refreshing with related.
If Token is removed.
Are we safe?
I need my parenthesis here.
So this is user PWM.
So your user.
And we return tokens removed.
Okay.
And then on the controller.
We need also to call.
To the new method that we just created.
We haven't done it.
Yet.
This time we started by implementing the service just because just because we were there.
But we will need also to add in the beginning of the service.
Look out and I will need to inject the cookie here as well.
Let's start.
Like this.
And I got you refreshed again.
So we will run this application.
And we'll see.
That we have an issue in repository.
So it's firstservice because it will fail in our triple.
Because we are quite getting nested.
Uh, property.
And we cannot, uh, we cannot do that.
So spring data, A.C. doesn't allow that a spring data GPA allows, but spring data GDC doesn't allow.
So we will have to implement, uh, the manually, the, the query are we leave the, the name as is,
but we need to implement it, um, manually.
It's not that hard.
So.
Query.
And it will be like this.
It used to.
Multi-lane.
Tulane string.
Something very nice.
That's Javelin from Peyton.
To be select you do not store from user you in or join.
Token tea.
On.
You don't.
All righty.
Equals T dot user.
Is there.
Where?
You know, that's the.
He calls arguments.
He.
Hands.
T don't refresh.
Token.
He calls refresh token.
And she thought.
Experts at.
Uh, greater.
What are you going to?
Experts.
And this is my query.
It doesn't protect table, but it's there.
So this is the query I have.
I really run my application.
It's working now.
So I will do my logging.
I will confirm.
And the database to see what they have that.
So I will force refresh.
I have a token table for you up on the token table.
I see that I have my token.
There.
This is my refresh token that I will have here.
And if I get.
The authenticate user.
Nothing changes.
So I will still have.
I authenticated user here.
For a refreshment token, it would still work.
And in this case.
I still.
I refreshed my access token.
But my research token is the same.
And he fell or got.
My table is clean, so I keep the tokens that are issued.
I keep them on my on the side of the application.
And I see if the application is working or not.
I see if the two users are logged in or not on application site.